Custom operators and builders (#33355)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/mfem/problem_operator_builders/ProblemOperatorBuilderBase.md

> # ProblemOperatorBuilderBase

Reviewer: `ProblemOperatorBuilder` is somewhat of a mouthful for us to expect end-users to understand (and supply in the new syntax block) - is there a better name we can use?

Effectively this is following the same design pattern as used by `MFEMKernel`, which acts as a MOOSE builder class for one or more MFEM-specific `mfem::XXXFormIntegrator` objects. Here,  MOOSE `ProblemOperatorBuilderBase` objects build MFEM-specific`ProblemOperatorBase` objects, which do not depend on MOOSE themselves. 

Perhaps `ProblemComponent`, such that the new syntax adds a `[ProblemComponents]` block, and each `ProblemComponent` is associated with building a `ProblemOperatorBase` derived object to solve an update step of the problem?

(Not tied to this - just in search of something more expressive than `ProblemOperatorBuilder` here...)

Author: Name changed to ProblemComposers and MFEMProblemComposer block in .i files

!if! function=hasCapability('mfem')

## Summary

`ProblemOperatorBuilderBase` is the base object of the builder classes that build

> problemOperators when called inside the `Executioner` block, but are configured and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ProblemOperatorBase` derived classes when called inside the `Executioner` block, but are configured and
```
Here and elsewhere - `problemOperator` doesn't match the used case, and technically is incorrect, since the transient version builds a `TransientProblemOperator` instead.
